docs: inline autocomplete and TCG (#5263)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/einstein/einstein-inline.md

---
title: Inline Automatic Completions
lang: en
---

## Overview

> Use AI-based autocomplete to accept suggestions for repetitive, boilerplate code right in your editor.

Reviewer: The inline completions feature doesn't discriminate as to which code it tries to auto-complete.  :) - Could we replace "repetitive, boilerplate" here?  

maybe something like
"Use AI-based autocomplete to accept suggestions for code _as you write it_ right inside your editor."

## Set Up Inline Autocomplete

To use inline autocomplete, first activate the feature:

> 1. Select **File** > **Preferences** > **Settings** (Windows or Linux) or **Code** > **Preferences** > **Settings** (macOS).

Reviewer 2: The feature will be default "On" for users so they shouldn't _need_ to do this, but we can point it out as it's always disable-able

2. Under **Einstein for Developers**, select **Enable Einstein Auto Completions**.

## Receive your First Inline Completions

> Einstein for Developers autogenerates inline code completions suggestions. To start receiving inline completions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Einstein for Developers automatically generates code and suggests completions for you as you type. To start receiving inline completions:
```

1. In Visual Studio Code, create a new Apex class (\*.cls) file, or open an existing one.

> 2. In the Apex file, place your cursor inside a method. Einstein for Developers automatically suggests an entire method body in grayed text, as shown below. The exact suggestion may vary.

Reviewer: In step two it says "inside a method" but one option in step 1 was to create a _new_ Apex class.

I don't think we necessarily want to highlight the new/empty file scenario because Inline doesn't have any context at that point and is unlikely to give a useful suggestion.

I think we should show users how to use this feature by highlighting specific use cases that we know are likely to provide useful suggesions, like maybe: 

> in an Apex class, start writing a new method - see E4D anticipate what you need and suggest some code for you.

or

> when writing apex code, you are often doing things like assigning variable values to an Sobject.  
> ie Account.name = abc, Account.type=Business, etc.
> pause the cursor after "Business,etc." and watch E4D complete your code for you and fill out the remaining fields.

![Inline Suggestions](./images/einstein-inline-create-account.png)

To accept the entire suggestion, press Tab. If you have VS Code's **Inline Suggest** enabled, you can accept the next word of the suggestion using one of the following keyboard shortcuts:

| Operating System | Accept Next Word |
| ---------------- | ---------------- |
| macOS            | ⌘→               |
| Windows          | ⌥→               |
| Linux            | ⌥→               |

Note: If you don't see a suggestion, make sure Einstein Auto Completions are enabled.

> **_Note_**: Use the Option (⌥)\ hotkeys to manually generate autocomplete suggestions if you don't have the auto completions setting enabled.

Reviewer 2: We're formatting both the `Notes` a bit differently, could we convert the bottom note to another table to share how to manually trigger the suggestions too? It could be a follow up to the previous `Note` as well....maybe something like `Even if you don't have the Auto Complete suggestion enabled, you can always trigger inline suggestions manually using the following hotkeys`
